# Welcome to Learn

Welcome to Learn! We're thrilled that you've joined our community of
learners! In this lesson, we want to talk about the Learn platform and
philosophy.

The Learn platform is designed for people who are passionate, curious,
self-driven, and serious about learning.

We are comrades in a never-ending quest for knowledge. While there are no
shortcuts, we believe that by providing knowledge in an optimized order,
reinforcing knowledge with hands-on, feedback driven practice, and providing
space for discussion, you will learn quickly. Learn is a framework for
delivering that experience to you. Our goal is to provide the right materials,
support and structure _you_ need to discover your own love for the code.

## The Learn Environment

Typically when learning to write something like HTML, you have to first deal
with configuring your computer, getting it set up to work. This is often
referred to as _setting up your environment_. You _will_ have to do this
eventually, but for now, Learn will provide the environment you need to get
started. Learn will give you a place to code. You get to focus on coding, not
setup.

Many people on Learn have already spent some time dabbling with coding by using
the amazing and plentiful resources all around the internet. In developing the
content here on Learn, though, we make no assumptions. This course content is
designed for absolute beginners. Lessons build off each other, providing the
tools and concepts necessary to complete future lessons.

What we don't do, however, is dumb anything down. We believe in your infinite
capacity to learn. We do our best to offer a curriculum that is clear,
digestible, engaging, challenging, and deep. The curriculum you'll encounter on
Learn is rigorous and will demand that you be patient, resourceful, and gritty.

From the beginning, we'll make sure you have the support and tools you need;
you just need to bring the grit.

## The Learn In-Browser IDE

As mentioned previously, one of the time-consuming parts of getting started
with programming is setting up your work environment. There's a lot room for
error. Also, many computers need extra programs or setup to be used for
coding. Many would-be developers have tossed their laptops out the window in
frustration when trying to get their environment set up. They wrongly assumed
that "If I can't _set up_ the language, there's no way I can _use_ the language."
Nothing could be further from the truth!

Learn provides a solution for this so you can get to writing code faster: the
Learn In-Browser IDE. The In-Browser IDE (Integrated Development Environment) is
a fully functional text editor and command line interface, connected with your
GitHub account through Learn. It automates some steps for us and also comes with
some built in command line tools such as `learn`, used for running tests in
later lessons. If "command line" and "editor" are still new concepts to you,
don't worry, you'll be getting to know them soon enough.

To take a look now at the In-Browser IDE, look for the 'Sandbox' button on the
top right of this lesson on Learn. The Sandbox acts as a scratch pad for
practicing as you read lessons. The Sandbox will be available on most lessons in
the first sections of this course and on any lessons that do not specifically
require a student to write code.

## Conclusion

You're just getting started, and we're happy you're here. To proceed to the next
lesson, press the "I'm Done" button on the right side of this page, then click
"Next Lesson".

Happy Learning!

## Resources

- [The IDE in Browser][ibide]

[ibide]: https://help.learn.co/about-learn/navigating-learn/ide-in-browser
[learn]: https://learn.co
